Manhattan Auto Repair Inc. Hero Headline: Quality Repairs with Years of Experience 
Subheadline: "These guys are magicians. A third of the cost of the dealership and about three times as fast. They diagnosed my problem immediately and had me out by the end of the day. Always a great experience." - David Wind Primary CTA: Book Online for NYS Inspection Secondary CTA: Visit Us Today About The mechanics at our shop have over 60 years of experience between them. They are dedicated to providing high-quality repairs to keep you safe and happy.Whether you're coming in for a routine inspection or a repair service, we promise that you will be completely satisfied with our work. We provide 12-month warranties with all of our services for your peace of mind.We're committed to providing a stress-free experience to both new and returning customers. Our shop only uses parts from reputable brands to ensure that your vehicle is always ready to drive.Services New York State Inspections Title: NYS Inspections 
Description: We are doing walk-ins for NYS inspections - no appointment is necessary. Monday-Friday 8am-3pm, Saturday 8:30am-11:30am. Auto Diagnosis Title: Comprehensive Diagnostics Description: Expert troubleshooting for check engine lights, auto vibrations, engine oil lights, auto noise, and no-start issues. Routine Maintenance Title: Preventative Maintenance Description: Keep your car running smoothly with oil changes, wheel alignments, tire pressure monitoring, and general automotive maintenance. Auto Repairs Title: Full-Service Auto Repair Description: Complete repair services including engine, transmission, brakes, exhaust, lighting, HVAC, steering, suspension, and electrical systems. Tires & Towing Title: Towing & Tire Services Description: Reliable vehicle and trailer towing, professional tire installation, and wheel and tire repair. Testimonials "Ozzy is an absolute legend. Inspected a used car for me and walked me through all the things he was seeing. Friendly. Helpful. Competent. Grateful for him and his team!" - Rebecca Jewell Rowley"Ozzy and his dad Ami are the best! They are fast, friendly, and really good at what they do. Highly Highly recommend!" - Rebecca Jewell Rowley"The absolute best service ever I highly recommend this guy's. I'm from Texas and I have to say one of the best mechanics and people I've ever met in my life. Thank you for making me feel at home you guys." - Anonymous"I have to say Ozzy is the man So is his father too Great shop to take your car in got into an accident with my Subaru and he made everything go away was a great experience. Might be the best mechanic in Manhattan. & He’s really trustworthy !!!!!!!" - Anonymous"Was involved in a minor collision with my BMW and I’m grateful for this place. My car was fixed in a total of 9 days, Rich and his team works hard and I got my car back quickly. Car doesn’t even look like it was in an accident 😍." - Dorissa White"I’ve owned and serviced a car in Manhattan for over 5 years, and this is the best auto repair shop in the entire city! Azzie and Richard are incredibly friendly, empathetic, knowledgable, honest, efficient and professional." - Lubo Karadashkov"My bloody car stopped running (shut off while driving) on the road just when I entered Manhattan from the Lincoln tunnel. They looked and my car and fixed the issue within a day. They are great 10/10 affordable and sincere." - Michael Jara '20"Brakes went out on our 2005 van while visiting Manhattan on business. It was un-drivable. I called this business, they sent a tow truck within an hour and had extensive repairs done 24 hours later. They saved our trip for us." - Matt Handy"Manhattan Auto is hands down the best around here! I bought my own shocks for my 2016 Ford Explorer, and they had no problem installing them for me. If you want honest service, go to Manhattan Auto instead!" - Whernandez Hernandez"These guys are magicians. A third of the cost of the dealership and about three times as fast. They diagnosed my problem immediately and had me out by the end of the day. Always a great experience." - David Wind"Came in for a standard inspection, no appointment and they serviced immediately. Saved them as my go-to for all future inspections." - Eric B"my car broke down the second i got to my hotel on 51st (4pm friday) for my less than 2 day trip and they towed it and had it fixed for me before noon on saturday. they were so kind and helpful." - Dalani Brown"Had a car part on the turnpike hit and damage my oil pan. They towed us within an hour, ordered the part, and had my car repaired by noon the next day. Drove home safely after that." - Kaelyn Rodriguez"Our breaks failed just as we drove into the city. After some frantic calling, we were able to limp the car over to Manhattan Auto Repair on a Saturday morning. Amazingly, they found parts and had our car ready by 1pm that same day." - Alexandra London-Thompson"Ozzy snd Richard worked in record time to service our car. We had nasty rat damage in our engine and their team did a great job restoring our engine." - Ellen FreshmanRead more reviews on:Google: https://www.google.com/search?q=manhattan+auto+repair+inc&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS969US969&oq=manhattan+auto+repair+inc&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqCggAEAAY4wIYgAQyCggAEAAY4wIYgAQyEAgBEC4YrwEYxwEYgAQYjgUyBwgCEAAYgAQyBwgDEAAYgAQyCAgEEAAYFhgeMggIBRAAGBYYHjIHCAYQABjvBTIGCAcQRRg80gEINTUzM2oxajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#lrd=0x89c2584e67ce6241:0x444c405b40545713,1,,,,Yelp: https://www.yelp.com/biz/manhattan-auto-repair-new-york-3Contact Manhattan Auto Repair Inc.552 W 48th Street, New York, NY 10036, USPhone: (212) 757-4366Email: Manhattanauto11@gmail.comHours:Mon-Fri: 08:00 am – 05:00 pmSat: 08:00 am – 01:00 pmSun: ClosedWalk-ins for NYS inspections: Mon-Fri 8am-3pm, Sat 8:30am-11:30am